ANN ARBOR, MI-Boasting that an incredible unplanned shot perfectly captured the true nature of the Michigan football head coach, a documentary crew filming the team's 2017 season revealed Wednesday that its static night vision camera positioned on the field had caught an inquisitive Jim Harbaugh poking its lens. 'The camera first captured him coming onto the field at 2:30 a.m., but he was just rapidly pacing and dropping down for push-ups,' said director Felicia Comerford, who revealed that Harbaugh then froze, narrowed his eyes, and intently studied the camouflaged camera that he had spotted in pitch-black darkness 120 yards away from him. 'Then he suddenly burst toward the camera in a full sprint. He was on it in seconds. He apprehensively circled around it several times and then disappeared off camera, popping up two seconds later inches in front of the lens, sniffing it, poking it with his finger, and then licking it.' Comerford added that the magnificent shot even tops the stunning and unexpected footage they captured the previous day of a pacing Harbaugh suddenly tearing into a freshman linebacker.
PHILADELPHIA—Pushing back on the NFL’s efforts to increase the number of prime-time broadcasts, sources confirmed Thursday that NFL fans are increasingly unable to recover in time for Thursday night games. “Look, after the intense pounding we take for hours on Sundays, there’s just no way we can be back at our best four days later for a Thursday night game,” said Philadelphia Eagles fan Jacob Ginter, who noted that on Monday mornings he typically suffers pounding headaches and struggles to even get out of bed and climb down a full flight of stairs. “Having a short week is a killer. Hey, I love the game as much as the next guy, but we need time to heal and get back to full speed.” Ginter then added that, like most fans, adding more weeks of football to the regular season would likely be too much for his body to handle.
SEATTLE—Eliciting a standing ovation for the longtime Seahawk’s cornerback as he gripped his walker and slowly hobbled to midfield, the NFL conducted a pregame ceremony to honor 52-year-old Ronald Dutton as the league’s oldest living former player. “Ever since my father retired in 2002, he has missed being out on the field, and he would like you all to know how thrilled and excited he is to be honored by you all today,” said Dutton’s 22-year-old daughter Kayla as the hunched and visibly confused former Pro Bowler was directed to look into the camera for a photo-op with NFL commissioner Roger Goodell before gingerly attempting to lift his arm and wave to the roaring crowd. “We would like to thank the NFL for taking the time to salute their alumni, especially when those like my father have so little time left. Though as happy as he is today, I just know he wishes all of his teammates were still alive to be here with him.” Following the ceremony, Dutton’s family reportedly returned him to his assisted living home after the Seahawk’s great drifted to sleep in the stands during the first quarter.
CHICAGO—Disappointed and irritated by his half-hearted display of fandom, sources reported Tuesday that local man Paul Winslow must have thought that it was enough to wear a Chicago Blackhawks jersey to a Chicago Cubs game. “I guess this fucking guy assumes he’s covered because the Blackhawks also play in Chicago?” said onlooker Daryl Culliver, 32, adding that the man seemingly could not be bothered to wear a jersey, or even a T-shirt, representing the team he actually came to see. “Look around, bud, we’re at a Cubs game. You think you can just half-ass it by waltzing in with a [Jonathan] Toews jersey and then act like you’re one of us? Christ, where the hell does this guy even get off?” Sources added that they were currently undecided about whether to pass judgment on a woman in the stands wearing a yellow shirt that simply read “Chicago.”
